Add Multiple output bindings, native support and changes to azure fun… (#6343)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/run-in-the-cloud/function-as-a-service/azure-functions.md

>**Note:** For a full sample with all the supported Azure Functions triggers and bindings in Ballerina, see the [Azure Functions deployment example](/learn/by-example/azure-functions-deployment).

## Azure Functions Native (Experimental)

### Prerequisites
1. Install the latest Ballerina distribution.
2. Install the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest" target="_blank">Azure CLI</a>.
3. Install and configure [Functions Core Tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=v4%2Clinux%2Ccsharp%2Cportal%2Cbash#install-the-azure-functions-core-tools)

> 4. Login to the Azure CLI by executing the `az login` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Log in to the Azure CLI by executing the `az login` command.
```

> 5. <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank">Docker</a> installed and configured in your machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Install and configure <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank">Docker</a> in your machine.
```

> 6. GraalVM [installed and configured](https://ballerina.io/learn/build-a-native-executable/#set-up-the-prerequisites) in your machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Install and configure [GraalVM](https://ballerina.io/learn/build-a-native-executable/#set-up-the-prerequisites) in your machine.
```

> 7. Create an <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-function-app-portal" target="_blank">Azure Function app</a> with the given resource group with following requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create an <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-create-function-app-portal" target="_blank">Azure Function app</a> with the given resource group with the following requirements.
```

>**Note:** Make sure to remember the function application name and storage account name as they will be required in the code samples.
   - Runtime stack - `Java 11`
   - Hosting operating system - `Linux` (As of now, Ballerina Azure functions native support is only available for Linux.)

### Write the function

> You can use any azure functions code in the native approach. We wil use the same code as in the [generic azure functions](#write-the-function) section for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any Azure Functions code in the native approach. This sample uses the same code as in the [generic Azure Functions sample](#write-the-function) section for simplicity.
```

Create a Ballerina package.
```
$ bal new azure_functions_native
```
Replace the contents of the generated BAL file with the following content.

```ballerina
import ballerinax/azure_functions as af;

service / on new af:HttpListener() {
    resource function get hello(string name) returns string {
        return "Hello, " + name + "!";
    }
}
```

> ### Build and testing the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build and test the function
```

> Azure functions package supports two build options. You can find the description about each build option below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Azure Functions package supports two build options. You can find the description of each build option below.
```

> * cloud="azure_functions" - Builds the native executable to be compatible with azure functions cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cloud="azure_functions" - Builds the native executable to be compatible with the Azure Functions cloud.
```

* cloud="azure_functions_local" - Builds the native executable to be compatible with your own machine for development purposes.

> >**Note:** For the non native JVM based approach, both build options will behave the same as JVM is platform independent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** For the non-native JVM-based approach, both build options will behave similarly to JVM by being platform-independent.
```

Author: I feel like this changes the meaning, I added a new sentience. Shall we check that?

Reviewer: +1

> We will be using these build options along with native build option while building the package. First, let's build the package for running locally. This will use the GraalVM you installed in your machine to build the native image and the generated executable be compatible with your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses these build options along with the native build option while building the package. First, let's build the package and run it locally. This will use the GraalVM you installed on your machine to build the native image and make the generated executable compatible with your machine.
```

                        26.1s (7.6% of total time) in 71 GCs | Peak RSS: 7.77GB | CPU load: 6.64
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Produced artifacts:
 <package_dir>/azure_functions_native/target/azure_functions/azure_functions_native (executable)
 <package_dir>/azure_functions_native/target/azure_functions/azure_functions_native.build_artifacts.txt (txt)
========================================================================================================================
Finished generating 'azure_functions_native' in 5m 44s.

        @azure_functions:Function: get-hello

        Execute the command below to deploy the function locally:
        $ bal build --native --cloud="azure_functions_local"
        $ func start --script-root target/azure_functions

        Execute the command below to deploy Ballerina Azure Functions:
        $ bal build --native --cloud="azure_functions"
        $ func azure functionapp publish <function_app_name> --script-root target/azure_functions
```

> Execute the following command to run the azure function locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following command to run the Azure Function locally.
```
Shall we make these also numbered steps?

```bash
$ func start --script-root target/azure_functions

Azure Functions Core Tools
Core Tools Version:       4.0.4895 Commit hash: N/A  (64-bit)
Function Runtime Version: 4.13.0.19486

[2023-02-14T11:14:19.058Z] Worker process started and initialized.

Functions:

        get-hello: [GET] http://localhost:7071/hello
```

Execute the following command to test the function locally.

```bash
$ curl "http://localhost:7071/hello?name=Jack"
Hello, Jack!
```

### Deploy the function

> Now you can build the package for azure functions cloud. This will perform the compilation inside docker image to make it compatible with azure functions cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can build the package for the Azure Functions cloud. This will perform the compilation inside the Docker image to make it compatible with the Azure Functions cloud environment.
```

```bash
$ bal build --cloud="azure_functions" --native
```

> You can execute the following command to deploy the Azure Function to Azure Functions cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute the following command to deploy the Azure Function to the Azure Functions cloud.
```
